TWT-373 Improvements in Cross Plane Provider Documentation (#154)
ionos-cloud/crossplane-provider-ionoscloud: docs/README.md

## Overview

Crossplane Provider for IONOS Cloud gives the ability to manage IONOS Cloud infrastructure directly from Kubernetes. Crossplane extends a Kubernetes cluster to support orchestrating any infrastructure or managed service. Providers can use Crossplane to enable infrastructure resource provisioning of a specific API.

> {% hint style="info" %}

Reviewer: This style of hints doesn't  seem to render very well in Github.

Author: Hi @cristiGuranIonos thanks a lot for your concern. As discussed with you and my team, we cannot change the format, because it is the standard which we follow for the consistency reasons.

For users using GitHub, they still can see the relevant tags if it is a Note or a Warning etc. So, I think it serves the purpose well.

**Note:** You can access and contribute to the [<mark style="color:blue;">crossplane-provider-ionoscloud</mark>](https://github.com/ionos-cloud/crossplane-provider-ionoscloud) repository for IONOS Cloud.
{% endhint %}

 The provider that is built from the source code from the repository can be installed into a Crossplane control plane and adds the following new functionality:

  * Custom Resource Definitions (CRDs) model IONOS Cloud infrastructure and services. For example, Compute Engine, Kubernetes, Database As a Service Postgres, etc.
  * Controllers provision these resources in IONOS Cloud based on the user's desired state captured in CRDs when created.
  * Implementations of Crossplane's portable resource abstractions that enable IONOS Cloud resources to fulfill a user's general need for cloud services.

> ## Getting Started 

Reviewer: Should `Started` be lowercase here also?

Author: Thanks so much for pointing it out. Updating it.

To start with Crossplane usage and concepts, see the official [<mark style="color:blue;">Crossplane Documentation</mark>](https://docs.crossplane.io/v1.15/getting-started/).

> To get started with Crossplane Provider for IONOS Cloud, see [<mark style="color:blue;">Crossplane Provider IONOS Cloud POC</mark>](../examples/example.md), which provides details about the provisioning of a **Postgres cluster** in IONOS Cloud.

Reviewer 2: I added another comment to explain this change

```suggestion
To get started with Crossplane Provider for IONOS Cloud, see [<mark style="color:blue;">Crossplane Provider IONOS Cloud Usage Example</mark>](../examples/example.md), which provides details about the provisioning of a **Postgres cluster** in IONOS Cloud.
```

Author: Done, thanks a lot.

## Prerequisites

Ensure that you have the following:

* An IONOS Cloud account that you use for [<mark style="color:blue;">DCD</mark>](https://dcd.ionos.com/latest/) or other Config Management Tools.

* A Kubernetes cluster and [<mark style="color:blue;">Install Crossplane</mark>](https://docs.crossplane.io/latest/software/install/) into a namespace called `crossplane-system`. 

{% hint style="info" %}

> **Note:** You can install a Kubernetes Cluster locally by using kind or any other lightweight Kubernetes version and Crossplane. For more information, see [<mark style="color:blue;">Crossplane Provider IONOS Cloud POC</mark>](../examples/example.md). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** You can install a Kubernetes Cluster locally by using kind or any other lightweight Kubernetes version and Crossplane. For more information, see [<mark style="color:blue;">Crossplane Provider IONOS Cloud Usage Example</mark>](../examples/example.md). 
```

Author: Updated, thank you

| ``IONOS_PASSWORD``     | Provide the password used to login to authenticate against the IONOS Cloud API.                                                                                                                                                 | 
| ``IONOS_TOKEN``        | Provide the token used to login if a token is being used instead of **username** and **password** .                                                                                                                                     |
| ``IONOS_API_URL``      | Provide the API URL. It will overwrite the API endpoint default value `api.ionos.com`. |

{% hint style="info" %}
**Note:** The host URL does not contain the ``/cloudapi/v6`` path, so it should not be included in the ``IONOS_API_URL`` environment variable.
{% endhint %}

### Create provider secret

To create the provider secret, you can use either of the following methods:

* [<mark style="color:blue;">Using username and password</mark>](#using-username-and-password)

> * [<mark style="color:blue;">Using token</mark>](#using-token)

Reviewer 2: Maybe we can specify that we recommend using the token, given the upcoming deprecation of the basic auth

Author: Added a note for this :)

EOF
```

## Debug mode

> To debug the Crossplane Provider IONOS Cloud has support for the ```--debug`` flag.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To debug the Crossplane Provider IONOS Cloud you can use the ```--debug`` flag.
```

Author: Updated, thank you.
